# 5.22-LAB-Program-Soccer-team-roster-solved
This program will store roster and rating information for a soccer team. Coaches rate players during tryouts to ensure a balanced team.  (1) Prompt the user to input five pairs of numbers: A player's jersey number (0 - 99) and the player's rating (1 - 9). Store the jersey numbers in one int array and the ratings in another int array. Output these arrays (i.e., output the roster). (3 pts)  Ex:  Enter player 1's jersey number: 84 Enter player 1's rating: 7  Enter player 2's jersey number: 23 Enter player 2's rating: 4  Enter player 3's jersey number: 4 Enter player 3's rating: 5  Enter player 4's jersey number: 30 Enter player 4's rating: 2  Enter player 5's jersey number: 66 Enter player 5's rating: 9  ROSTER Player 1 -- Jersey number: 84, Rating: 7 Player 2 -- Jersey number: 23, Rating: 4 ...  (2) Implement a menu of options for a user to modify the roster. Each option is represented by a single character. The program initially outputs the menu, and outputs the menu after a user chooses an option. The program ends when the user chooses the option to Quit. For this step, the other options do nothing. (2 pt)  Ex:  MENU u - Update player rating a - Output players above a rating r - Replace player o - Output roster q - Quit  Choose an option:   (3) Implement the "Output roster" menu option. (1 pt)  Ex:  ROSTER Player 1 -- Jersey number: 84, Rating: 7 Player 2 -- Jersey number: 23, Rating: 4 ...  (4) Implement the "Update player rating" menu option. Prompt the user for a player's jersey number. Prompt again for a new rating for the player, and then change that player's rating. (1 pt)  Ex:  Enter a jersey number: 23 Enter a new rating for player: 6 ...  (5) Implement the "Output players above a rating" menu option. Prompt the user for a rating. Print the jersey number and rating for all players with ratings above the entered value. (2 pts)  Ex:  Enter a rating: 5  ABOVE 5 Player 1 -- Jersey number: 84, Rating: 7 ...  (6) Implement the "Replace player" menu option. Prompt the user for the jersey number of the player to replace. If the player is in the roster, then prompt again for a new jersey number and rating. Update the replaced player's jersey number and rating. (2 pts)  Ex:  Enter a jersey number: 4 Enter a new jersey number: 12 Enter a rating for the new player: 8
